# InstanceAdminStatsSchema

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**InstanceId** | **string** | A unique identifier for this instance. Generated by the database migration scripts at first run. Typically a UUID. | 
**Timestamp** | Pointer to **NullableTime** | When these statistics were produced | [optional] 
**VersionOSS** | Pointer to **string** | The version of Unleash OSS that is bundled in this instance | [optional] 
**VersionEnterprise** | Pointer to **string** | The version of Unleash Enterprise that is bundled in this instance | [optional] 
**Users** | Pointer to **float32** | The number of users this instance has | [optional] 
**ActiveUsers** | Pointer to [**InstanceAdminStatsSchemaActiveUsers**](InstanceAdminStatsSchemaActiveUsers.md) |  | [optional] 
**FeatureToggles** | Pointer to **float32** | The number of feature-toggles this instance has | [optional] 
**Projects** | Pointer to **float32** | The number of projects defined in this instance. | [optional] 
**ContextFields** | Pointer to **float32** | The number of context fields defined in this instance. | [optional] 
**Roles** | Pointer to **float32** | The number of roles defined in this instance | [optional] 
**Groups** | Pointer to **float32** | The number of groups defined in this instance | [optional] 
**Environments** | Pointer to **float32** | The number of environments defined in this instance | [optional] 
**Segments** | Pointer to **float32** | The number of segments defined in this instance | [optional] 
**Strategies** | Pointer to **float32** | The number of strategies defined in this instance | [optional] 
**SAMLenabled** | Pointer to **bool** | Whether or not SAML authentication is enabled for this instance | [optional] 
**OIDCenabled** | Pointer to **bool** | Whether or not OIDC authentication is enabled for this instance | [optional] 
**ClientApps** | Pointer to [**[]InstanceAdminStatsSchemaClientAppsInner**](InstanceAdminStatsSchemaClientAppsInner.md) | A count of connected applications in the last week, last month and all time since last restart | [optional] 
**FeatureExports** | Pointer to **float32** | The number of export operations on this instance | [optional] 
**FeatureImports** | Pointer to **float32** | The number of import operations on this instance | [optional] 
**Sum** | Pointer to **string** | A SHA-256 checksum of the instance statistics to be used to verify that the data in this object has not been tampered with | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewInstanceAdminStatsSchema

`func NewInstanceAdminStatsSchema(instanceId string, ) *InstanceAdminStatsSchema`

NewInstanceAdminStatsSchema instantiates a new InstanceAdminStatsSchema object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewInstanceAdminStatsSchemaWithDefaults

`func NewInstanceAdminStatsSchemaWithDefaults() *InstanceAdminStatsSchema`

NewInstanceAdminStatsSchemaWithDefaults instantiates a new InstanceAdminStatsSchema object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetInstanceId

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetInstanceId() string`

GetInstanceId returns the InstanceId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetInstanceIdOk

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetInstanceIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetInstanceIdOk returns a tuple with the InstanceId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetInstanceId

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) SetInstanceId(v string)`

SetInstanceId sets InstanceId field to given value.


### GetTimestamp

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetTimestamp() time.Time`

GetTimestamp returns the Timestamp field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTimestampOk

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetTimestampOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetTimestampOk returns a tuple with the Timestamp field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTimestamp

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) SetTimestamp(v time.Time)`

SetTimestamp sets Timestamp field to given value.

### HasTimestamp

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) HasTimestamp() bool`

HasTimestamp returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetTimestampNil

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) SetTimestampNil(b bool)`

 SetTimestampNil sets the value for Timestamp to be an explicit nil

### UnsetTimestamp
`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) UnsetTimestamp()`

UnsetTimestamp ensures that no value is present for Timestamp, not even an explicit nil
### GetVersionOSS

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetVersionOSS() string`

GetVersionOSS returns the VersionOSS field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetVersionOSSOk

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetVersionOSSOk() (*string, bool)`

GetVersionOSSOk returns a tuple with the VersionOSS field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetVersionOSS

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) SetVersionOSS(v string)`

SetVersionOSS sets VersionOSS field to given value.

### HasVersionOSS

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) HasVersionOSS() bool`

HasVersionOSS returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetVersionEnterprise

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetVersionEnterprise() string`

GetVersionEnterprise returns the VersionEnterprise field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetVersionEnterpriseOk

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetVersionEnterpriseOk() (*string, bool)`

GetVersionEnterpriseOk returns a tuple with the VersionEnterprise field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetVersionEnterprise

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) SetVersionEnterprise(v string)`

SetVersionEnterprise sets VersionEnterprise field to given value.

### HasVersionEnterprise

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) HasVersionEnterprise() bool`

HasVersionEnterprise returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUsers

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetUsers() float32`

GetUsers returns the Users field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUsersOk

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetUsersOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetUsersOk returns a tuple with the Users field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUsers

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) SetUsers(v float32)`

SetUsers sets Users field to given value.

### HasUsers

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) HasUsers() bool`

HasUsers returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetActiveUsers

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetActiveUsers() InstanceAdminStatsSchemaActiveUsers`

GetActiveUsers returns the ActiveUsers field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetActiveUsersOk

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetActiveUsersOk() (*InstanceAdminStatsSchemaActiveUsers, bool)`

GetActiveUsersOk returns a tuple with the ActiveUsers field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetActiveUsers

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) SetActiveUsers(v InstanceAdminStatsSchemaActiveUsers)`

SetActiveUsers sets ActiveUsers field to given value.

### HasActiveUsers

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) HasActiveUsers() bool`

HasActiveUsers returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetFeatureToggles

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetFeatureToggles() float32`

GetFeatureToggles returns the FeatureToggles field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFeatureTogglesOk

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetFeatureTogglesOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetFeatureTogglesOk returns a tuple with the FeatureToggles field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFeatureToggles

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) SetFeatureToggles(v float32)`

SetFeatureToggles sets FeatureToggles field to given value.

### HasFeatureToggles

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) HasFeatureToggles() bool`

HasFeatureToggles returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetProjects

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetProjects() float32`

GetProjects returns the Projects field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetProjectsOk

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetProjectsOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetProjectsOk returns a tuple with the Projects field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetProjects

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) SetProjects(v float32)`

SetProjects sets Projects field to given value.

### HasProjects

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) HasProjects() bool`

HasProjects returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetContextFields

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetContextFields() float32`

GetContextFields returns the ContextFields field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetContextFieldsOk

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetContextFieldsOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetContextFieldsOk returns a tuple with the ContextFields field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetContextFields

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) SetContextFields(v float32)`

SetContextFields sets ContextFields field to given value.

### HasContextFields

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) HasContextFields() bool`

HasContextFields returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRoles

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetRoles() float32`

GetRoles returns the Roles field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRolesOk

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetRolesOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetRolesOk returns a tuple with the Roles field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRoles

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) SetRoles(v float32)`

SetRoles sets Roles field to given value.

### HasRoles

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) HasRoles() bool`

HasRoles returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetGroups

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetGroups() float32`

GetGroups returns the Groups field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetGroupsOk

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetGroupsOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetGroupsOk returns a tuple with the Groups field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetGroups

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) SetGroups(v float32)`

SetGroups sets Groups field to given value.

### HasGroups

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) HasGroups() bool`

HasGroups returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEnvironments

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetEnvironments() float32`

GetEnvironments returns the Environments field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEnvironmentsOk

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetEnvironmentsOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetEnvironmentsOk returns a tuple with the Environments field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEnvironments

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) SetEnvironments(v float32)`

SetEnvironments sets Environments field to given value.

### HasEnvironments

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) HasEnvironments() bool`

HasEnvironments returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSegments

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetSegments() float32`

GetSegments returns the Segments field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSegmentsOk

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetSegmentsOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetSegmentsOk returns a tuple with the Segments field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSegments

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) SetSegments(v float32)`

SetSegments sets Segments field to given value.

### HasSegments

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) HasSegments() bool`

HasSegments returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetStrategies

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetStrategies() float32`

GetStrategies returns the Strategies field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStrategiesOk

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetStrategiesOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetStrategiesOk returns a tuple with the Strategies field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStrategies

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) SetStrategies(v float32)`

SetStrategies sets Strategies field to given value.

### HasStrategies

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) HasStrategies() bool`

HasStrategies returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSAMLenabled

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetSAMLenabled() bool`

GetSAMLenabled returns the SAMLenabled field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSAMLenabledOk

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetSAMLenabledOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetSAMLenabledOk returns a tuple with the SAMLenabled field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSAMLenabled

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) SetSAMLenabled(v bool)`

SetSAMLenabled sets SAMLenabled field to given value.

### HasSAMLenabled

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) HasSAMLenabled() bool`

HasSAMLenabled returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOIDCenabled

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetOIDCenabled() bool`

GetOIDCenabled returns the OIDCenabled field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOIDCenabledOk

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetOIDCenabledOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetOIDCenabledOk returns a tuple with the OIDCenabled field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOIDCenabled

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) SetOIDCenabled(v bool)`

SetOIDCenabled sets OIDCenabled field to given value.

### HasOIDCenabled

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) HasOIDCenabled() bool`

HasOIDCenabled returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetClientApps

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetClientApps() []InstanceAdminStatsSchemaClientAppsInner`

GetClientApps returns the ClientApps field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetClientAppsOk

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetClientAppsOk() (*[]InstanceAdminStatsSchemaClientAppsInner, bool)`

GetClientAppsOk returns a tuple with the ClientApps field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetClientApps

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) SetClientApps(v []InstanceAdminStatsSchemaClientAppsInner)`

SetClientApps sets ClientApps field to given value.

### HasClientApps

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) HasClientApps() bool`

HasClientApps returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetFeatureExports

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetFeatureExports() float32`

GetFeatureExports returns the FeatureExports field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFeatureExportsOk

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetFeatureExportsOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetFeatureExportsOk returns a tuple with the FeatureExports field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFeatureExports

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) SetFeatureExports(v float32)`

SetFeatureExports sets FeatureExports field to given value.

### HasFeatureExports

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) HasFeatureExports() bool`

HasFeatureExports returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetFeatureImports

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetFeatureImports() float32`

GetFeatureImports returns the FeatureImports field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFeatureImportsOk

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetFeatureImportsOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetFeatureImportsOk returns a tuple with the FeatureImports field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFeatureImports

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) SetFeatureImports(v float32)`

SetFeatureImports sets FeatureImports field to given value.

### HasFeatureImports

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) HasFeatureImports() bool`

HasFeatureImports returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSum

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetSum() string`

GetSum returns the Sum field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSumOk

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) GetSumOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSumOk returns a tuple with the Sum field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSum

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) SetSum(v string)`

SetSum sets Sum field to given value.

### HasSum

`func (o *InstanceAdminStatsSchema) HasSum() bool`

HasSum returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


