# PatSchema

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | **int32** | The PAT&#39;s ID. PAT IDs are incrementing integers. In other words, a more recently created PAT will always have a higher ID than an older one. | 
**Secret** | Pointer to **string** | The token used for authentication. It is automatically generated by Unleash when the PAT is created and that is the only time this property is returned. | [optional] 
**CreatedAt** | **time.Time** | The date and time of when the PAT was created. | 
**SeenAt** | Pointer to **NullableTime** | When the PAT was last seen/used to authenticate with. &#x60;null&#x60; if it has not been used yet. | [optional] 
**UserId** | Pointer to **int32** | The ID of the user this PAT belongs to. | [optional] 
**Description** | **string** | The PAT&#39;s description. | 
**ExpiresAt** | **time.Time** | The PAT&#39;s expiration date. | 

## Methods

### NewPatSchema

`func NewPatSchema(id int32, createdAt time.Time, description string, expiresAt time.Time, ) *PatSchema`

NewPatSchema instantiates a new PatSchema object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewPatSchemaWithDefaults

`func NewPatSchemaWithDefaults() *PatSchema`

NewPatSchemaWithDefaults instantiates a new PatSchema object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetId

`func (o *PatSchema) GetId() int32`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *PatSchema) GetIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *PatSchema) SetId(v int32)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.


### GetSecret

`func (o *PatSchema) GetSecret() string`

GetSecret returns the Secret field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSecretOk

`func (o *PatSchema) GetSecretOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSecretOk returns a tuple with the Secret field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSecret

`func (o *PatSchema) SetSecret(v string)`

SetSecret sets Secret field to given value.

### HasSecret

`func (o *PatSchema) HasSecret() bool`

HasSecret returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCreatedAt

`func (o *PatSchema) GetCreatedAt() time.Time`

GetCreatedAt returns the CreatedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreatedAtOk

`func (o *PatSchema) GetCreatedAtOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetCreatedAtOk returns a tuple with the CreatedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreatedAt

`func (o *PatSchema) SetCreatedAt(v time.Time)`

SetCreatedAt sets CreatedAt field to given value.


### GetSeenAt

`func (o *PatSchema) GetSeenAt() time.Time`

GetSeenAt returns the SeenAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSeenAtOk

`func (o *PatSchema) GetSeenAtOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetSeenAtOk returns a tuple with the SeenAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSeenAt

`func (o *PatSchema) SetSeenAt(v time.Time)`

SetSeenAt sets SeenAt field to given value.

### HasSeenAt

`func (o *PatSchema) HasSeenAt() bool`

HasSeenAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetSeenAtNil

`func (o *PatSchema) SetSeenAtNil(b bool)`

 SetSeenAtNil sets the value for SeenAt to be an explicit nil

### UnsetSeenAt
`func (o *PatSchema) UnsetSeenAt()`

UnsetSeenAt ensures that no value is present for SeenAt, not even an explicit nil
### GetUserId

`func (o *PatSchema) GetUserId() int32`

GetUserId returns the UserId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUserIdOk

`func (o *PatSchema) GetUserIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetUserIdOk returns a tuple with the UserId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUserId

`func (o *PatSchema) SetUserId(v int32)`

SetUserId sets UserId field to given value.

### HasUserId

`func (o *PatSchema) HasUserId() bool`

HasUserId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDescription

`func (o *PatSchema) GetDescription() string`

GetDescription returns the Description field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDescriptionOk

`func (o *PatSchema) GetDescriptionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDescriptionOk returns a tuple with the Description field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDescription

`func (o *PatSchema) SetDescription(v string)`

SetDescription sets Description field to given value.


### GetExpiresAt

`func (o *PatSchema) GetExpiresAt() time.Time`

GetExpiresAt returns the ExpiresAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExpiresAtOk

`func (o *PatSchema) GetExpiresAtOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetExpiresAtOk returns a tuple with the ExpiresAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExpiresAt

`func (o *PatSchema) SetExpiresAt(v time.Time)`

SetExpiresAt sets ExpiresAt field to given value.



[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


